This project tries to address the creation of galleries of players.
A gallery of a volleyball player is a set of images that represent a given player's appearance.
We want this in order to be able to train re-identification networks.

We have dataset in /mnt/t/data/vball/skyball that contains MOT annotations in addition to jersey-based identities.
For each on of the videos in this dataset, which each represents a single play, 12 players exist, no more, no less.

Oftentimes, there are multiple videos that correspond to a single match but different plays.
What we actually want to do is have a unique gallery per player per match. This means that the gallery should likely
be assembled by considering all the play videos associated with that match. Also, because of this, the number of
players in the gallery may easily be greater than 12 because each play may contain different set of players.


We have a few challenges that we want to address:

1. Variety
   We want to make sure that for any player, we see the player from different angles and poses as much as possible such
   that the re-id network becomes robust to different view points. We even probably want the ability to identify the player
   even when they're partially (but not fully) occluded.
   
2. The player we care about is sufficiently salient in the image
   This is a challenging one. We could use a rule to insure this: that the IOU of the player we care about, that the max IOU of their box with other player
   boxes is less than a threshold such as 40%. However this is likely too conservative of an approach, such as when there is IOU of 60% but the player we
   care about is not occluded by anyone else, but instead they are the occluder.

   So i'd like you to consider a few heuristics:
     Given a player and one of their bboxes ...
     
     When IOU < thresh for any boxes (such as thresh == 40%), consider the player crop reasonable to sample.
     When IOU >= thresh, it still may be OK to use a bbox as long as the other bboxes with IOU >= thresh are behind this player. We
     should be able to determine that with a set of criteria:
        * Far-side players are behind all near-side players
	* On a given side, if two players aren't jumping, it should be reasonable to use their y2 location to determine who's in front of who.
          In other words, a bbox with larger y2 should be in front of a bbox with smaller y2.
	* It's trickier when players are jumping, but you could implement a heuristic that when a player is jumping their y2 could be linear interpolated
	  between the frame before they start to jump and the frame after they land. That interpolated/jump-adjusted y2 could represent their location
	  on the court.

Target maybe 20 images/player/match.
I would think that you'd first try to assemble possible candidates of bboxes for a given player.
But after you have that set, you'd need to come up with a reasonable way to assemble a variety of images, and i'm not entirely sure of the right way.
An obvious way is that if you could capture a variety of poses, that'd be good, but i think you could also try to just randomly pick.

	
     

